br: add restore registry mysql table (#21087)
pingcap/docs: mysql-schema/mysql-schema.md

## System tables related to backup and restore

* `tidb_pitr_id_map`: the ID mapping information for point-in-time recovery (PITR) operations

> * `tidb_restore_registry`: the registry for restore tasks with unique restore IDs assigned to prevent different restore operations from overlapping with each other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tidb_restore_registry`: the registry for restore tasks with unique restore IDs assigned to prevent conflicts between different restore operations.
```

> * `tidb_restore_registry` (New in v9.0.0): the registry for restore tasks with a unique restore ID assigned to each task to prevent conflicts between different restore operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <span class="version-mark">New in v9.0.0</span> `tidb_restore_registry`: the registry for restore tasks with a unique restore ID assigned to each task to prevent conflicts between different restore operations
```

> * <span class="version-mark">New in v9.0.0</span> `tidb_restore_registry`: the registry for restore tasks with a unique restore ID assigned to each task to prevent conflicts between different restore operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tidb_restore_registry` <span class="version-mark">New in v9.0.0</span>: the registry for restore tasks with a unique restore ID assigned to each task to prevent conflicts between different restore operations
```
